Change the Shopping Cart Sidebar field to the Mini Cart field (#1192)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/cookie-reference.md

#### `login_redirect`

> Preserves the destination page the customer was loading before being directed to log in. Used in mini cart for logged in customers if the [Display Mini Cart]({% link sales/mini-cart.md %}) configuration option is set to `Yes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preserves the destination page that was loading before the customer was directed to log in. A login redirect is used with the mini cart for logged-in customers if the [Display Mini Cart]({% link sales/mini-cart.md %}) configuration option is set to `Yes`.
```
